hello and welcome to another episode of
wireless mice no dave22 here and this is
a pile of wireless mice you know when I
was cleaning in my office and I was like
I have a lot of wireless mice and these
are ones that I like there's a lot of
other ones that I've used that I never
kept around these are the ones I like
and I want to do a quick video kind of
talking about why I like them and maybe
one of these might be right for you ok
these mice are actually most of them are
Bluetooth enabled I really feel like for
laptops for mobility you just got to use
a bluetooth mice if you have one of
those dongles that plug in you're doing
it wrong if you're using a wired mouse
unless you're playing games you're
definitely doing it wrong
pick up a wireless mouse it's there's
some really good ones some of them are
very inexpensive all right we're gonna
start off with not this one this is not
bluetooth the rest of them are okay this
one is a really good wireless mouse but
you need like a receiver and that's just
not really great for laptop users so
screw that thing that's a razor
something or other the good ones are
here okay first let's talk about this
one razor or Akai this is a pretty
unique looking Mouse like if Batman had
a mouse it would probably be this one
it's got great tracking but battery life
isn't good and I feel like the shape of
it requires a very particular fingertip
grip I like it and it's not too
expensive but I wouldn't recommend it
for everyone
the next Mouse is let's go with this one
this is a bluetooth mouse that is very
inexpensive it's I think $12 on Amazon
there's another version to this that's
$10 which uses a dongle which is
actually this one if you don't have a
Bluetooth enabled computer for whatever
reason or if you're comfortable using
dongles you can save two dollars but
just get the Bluetooth one if you can
it's literally the cheapest mouse that
I've used that I enjoy it's made by a
company called jet tech comfortable to
hold and it can handle a bunch of
different grips and the sensor is
surprisingly good the one thing I
dislike about it is the battery it uses
a single double-a but it's a pain in the
ass to remove and install it you got to
pull on the battery super hard to pop it
out but for 12 bucks I still recommend
it it's a good Mouse next up is the
Apple Mouse this thing sucks I don't
know why it's in here I
they I just I don't recommend this for
anyone it looks very pretty but it's a
terrible Mouse I think Apple needs to
make a better Mouse next up we have the
MX master mice this is the old one this
is the new one it's a great Mouse and
even though it looks big it's
comfortable to use with small hands it
has a side scroll lots of buttons
excellent sensor the new version looks
and feels pretty much identical to the
old one it has a couple new features
like higher dpi longer battery life and
this new thing called logitech flow so
that's a feature that allows you to use
the mouse across multiple computers not
just the cursor between screens but you
can actually transfer files and stuff
between the two computers and when I
first use it I thought of super cool
actually feels very magical but I just
never use it and I'm someone who uses
multiple computers every single day I
have two computers on my table all the
time running so I don't know if I'm not
using it I feel like most people
wouldn't use that feature it also has a
small version of this thing the MX
anywhere Mouse so this is the old one
the MX anywhere 2 and this is a new one
the 2s same idea though awesome sensor
good enough to play shooters casually
long battery life I like these a lot
and these MX anywhere mice have this
side scroll that the big ones don't
ok last two Microsoft makes a lot of
mice and some of them are terrible but
most of them are pretty good my two
favorite are these two the Microsoft
Surface mouse and the sculpt comfort
Mouse I like the surface Mouse a lot
it's super simple
maybe a little too simple for some
people but I love the minimal aesthetic
on it the one thing I dislike about this
thing as a travel mouse though is that
the battery cover is magnetically
attached so it pops off pretty easily it
can fall out in your bag if it pops off
and that's kind of annoying the other
one is the sculpt comfort Mouse and I
got to be honest I think this thing
looks pretty ugly it's very comfortable
to hold but it's not a pretty Mouse the
windows button on the side is touch
sensitive so you can scroll up scroll
down I mean just adds a lot of
functionality and you can press it to
launch the windows button it's
inexpensive in the battery lasts a long
time but my favorite feature about this
mess is actually the horizontal scroll
this is one of the cheapest mice at
there with a reliable horizontal scroll
that works right out of the box you
don't need drivers you don't need
software which is really nice now that's
not a feature that everyone uses but if
you like video editing or you have big
database files or excel files
horizontal scroll is awesome
these are all really good mice and you
can't go wrong choosing any of them but
if I had to pick one as my Universal
recommendation for laptop users it would
be this one the MX anywhere 2 so this is
the older one the 2's is quite a bit
more expensive I think that's like 40%
more expensive this one's so much
cheaper and it's exactly the same in
terms of user experience it's supposed
to have lower dpi and smaller battery
but I'm charging it just as frequently
and the tracking feels exactly the same
between the two and I'm also not using
Logitech flow so yeah this mouse is a
good choice are a lot of people now
there's two other things I want to bring
up mouse pads the first one is this
travel mouse pad from Razer it's called
the Razer Kabuto it's basically a really
thin sheet of neoprene it's a cloth
surface mousepad that you can roll up or
keep in between the screen of most
laptops
it doesn't fit MacBooks though the
tolerance and those are a little bit
tighter for mac books I recommend this
thing it's made by 3m it's a hard
surface with great tracking the bottom
is sticky to give it some grip whatever
you want to use it so you can place it
behind your laptop or whatever it's not
taped though it's this micro suction
material that you can just rinse every
time it gets gunky or anything but yeah
I've had this for two years and it looks
basically brand new okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if he likes it
the subsidy loved it see you guys next
time I've linked all of these mice and
these mouse pads down below in the
description okay
[Music]